docs: update en astro-components about code comments (#2229)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/core-concepts/astro-components.md

#### Comments

> In Astro, you can use standard HTML comments or JavaScript style comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro, you can use standard HTML comments or JavaScript-style comments.
```
Just keeping our hyphens consistent! 💪

```astro title="example.astro"
---
---
<!-- HTML comment syntax is valid in .astro files -->
{/* JS comment syntax is also valid */}
```

:::caution

> HTML-style comments will be included in browser DOM, while JS ones will be skipped. To leave TODO messages or other development-only explanations, you may wish to use JavaScript-style comments instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTML-style comments will be included in the browser DOM when compiled, while JS ones will be skipped. To leave TODO messages or other development-only explanations, you may wish to use JavaScript-style comments instead.
```
Would you say this phrase is correct, to describe non-raw HTML only? I'm trying to think of the super-shortest thing we can say that's both true and helpful!

Author: Yes, your version is better one! We may commit it.

Author: Would you mind merging that in too?

ah, I see we have merged this into main 🙂

> In Astro, you can use standard HTML comments where JSX would use JavaScript style comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In Astro, you can use standard HTML comments or JavaScript style comments.
```
I think this sentance can change to match what we're saying below.

```astro title="example.astro"

> <!-- HTML comment syntax is valid in .astro files -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
---
<!-- HTML comment syntax is valid in .astro files -->
```
It might be good to show that these comments are in the templating section of an Astro file.

> {/* JS comment  */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{/* JS comment syntax is also valid */}
```

```

> :::caution
> The HTML comments will be included in browser DOM, while JS ones will be skipped. In case you need to leave TODO messages or other development-only explanations in JSX part, use JavaScript style comments instead.
> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::caution
HTML-style comments will be included in browser DOM, while JS ones will be skipped. To leave TODO messages or other development-only explanations, you may wish to use JavaScript-style comments instead.
:::
```

Author: Thanks for much better copy. Writing texta is not my strongest part :) will push changes accordingly soon! 👌

Author: Actually there is one edge case when even js comments could end up in the html, which is [is:raw](https://docs.astro.build/en/reference/directives-reference/#israw) directive, but I am pretty sure it is self-explanatory on it's own, so did not include in this docs section.

Reviewer: Alright, let me take one more pass at it then, without making it too wordy....  😄
